Improving documentation on implementation of preprocessors. (#1480)
rust-lang/mdBook: guide/src/for_developers/preprocessors.md

renderer = ["html", "epub"]
```

> Once the preprocessor has been defined and the build process has started, MdBook will execute the command defined in the `preprocessor.foo.command` key passing the arguments support and the renderer name, monitoring the status code of the executed command.
> If the status code retrieved is 0, the library will be sending through stdin both the context and the book representation serialized in JSON format, and it'll be capturing the response from stdout, which will be the modified book which has to also be serialized in json format.

Reviewer: Generally as a style, I prefer active voice in present tense.  It can help to keep sentences shorter if possible.

Also, the name is usually written as `mdBook` with a lowercase `md`. 

I realize the existing documentation is a little inconsistent on these points.

I'd also like to see a little more detail on the exact behavior and data passed in.  (Sorry if this seems like I'm rewriting everything.)

``````suggestion
Once the preprocessor has been defined and the build process starts, mdBook executes the command defined in the `preprocessor.foo.command` key twice.
The first time it runs the preprocessor to determine if it supports the given renderer.
mdBook passes two arguments to the process: the first argument is the string `supports` and the second argument is the renderer name.
The preprocessor should exit with a status code 0 if it supports the given renderer, or return a non-zero exit code if it does not.

If the preprocessor supports the renderer, then mdbook runs it a second time, passing JSON data into stdin.
The JSON consists of an array of `[context, book]` where `context` is the serialized object [`PreprocessorContext`] and `book` is a [`Book`] object containing the content of the book.

The preprocessor should return the JSON format of the [`Book`] object to stdout, with any modifications it wishes to perform.
``````
